_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Ph.D. student at <a href="https://kaist.ac.kr">KAIST</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a Ph.D. student researching software engineering: specifically, I use machine learning to build tools to help developers remove bugs from software. My research focuses on facilitating the debugging process from the perspective of the developer. For example, I have contributed towards [automatically reproducing bug reports](https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.11515) and [explainable automated debugging](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.02195). I have also contributed to the theory of the field by analyzing existing techniques using a novel [Bayesian statistics framework](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.13773).

Currently, I am advised by [Dr. Shin Yoo](https://coinse.github.io/members/shin.yoo/) in the [COINSE](https://coinse.github.io) research group at [Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology](https://kaist.ac.kr).

Commit message:

updates to reflect postdoctoral status

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: postdoctoral researcher at <a href="https://kaist.ac.kr">KAIST</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a postdoctoral researcher at KAIST researching software engineering: specifically, I use machine learning to build tools to help developers remove bugs from software. My research focuses on facilitating the debugging process from the perspective of the developer. For example, I have contributed towards [automatically reproducing bug reports](https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.11515) and [explainable automated debugging](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.02195). I have also contributed to the theory of the field by analyzing existing techniques using a novel [Bayesian statistics framework](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.13773).

Currently, I am employed by [Dr. Shin Yoo](https://coinse.github.io/members/shin.yoo/) in the [COINSE](https://coinse.github.io) research group at [Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology](https://kaist.ac.kr).
